# Client
This mini-project has taken heavy inspiration from the online version of the card game “Cards against Humanity”. The game contains 3 “stages”, each with its own purpose. The first stage will have the player choose their own nickname. This nickname will be their in-game name throughout the gaming experience. The second stage is an overview of all the players connected to the server and will be the participants of the game. The third stage is the actual game. Go to the server and change IP to your own IP before playing.

When all players have connected to the server and are ready to play, a player can press “1” to begin the game. When the game begins, all players will receive 5 solution cards, as well as a single player who will be chosen as the “Pharaoh”. Another card will then be displayed as the “problem card” and will contain a blank space for the players to fill in with one of their solution cards. The solution cards can be chosen by pressing keys between 0 and 4 on the keyboard, corresponding to the cards in the order they are given. The only player to not choose a solution card will be the Pharaoh, who instead will be choosing among the other player’s cards as what they determine as the “best” card. The Pharaoh can choose a card by pressing the numbers on the keyboard corresponding to the number of the displayed solution cards. The best card is up to interpretation, and may vary from Pharaoh to Pharaoh. When the best card has been chosen, the player responsible for the card will gain a point. A new round will thereafter begin, with a new problem card displayed, and the next Pharaoh chosen according to the list of players. The first player who gains a total of 5 points has won the game, and instantly attains bragging rights (bragging rights not included in the code).
